feat(toasts): MVP - No Animation (#1165)
RocketCommunicationsInc/astro: packages/web-components/src/stories/toast.stories.mdx

import { extractArgTypes } from '@astrouxds/storybook-addon-docs-stencil'
import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { html, render } from 'lit-html'
const args = extractArgTypes('rux-toast')
args.message.defaultValue =
    'This is a toast.'

<Meta

>     title="Components/Toast Stack/Toast"

Reviewer: can you copy all the stuff from Timeline about Beta and move it over here? the beta/styleddiv and move the story under the Beta level?

import { extractArgTypes } from '@astrouxds/storybook-addon-docs-stencil'
import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { html, render } from 'lit-html'
const args = extractArgTypes('rux-toast')
args.message.defaultValue =
    'This is a toast.'

<Meta
    title="Components/Toast Stack/Toast"
    component="rux-toast"
    subcomponents={{
        RuxToastStack: 'rux-toast-stack'
    }}
    argTypes={args}
    parameters={{
        actions: {
            handles: [
              'ruxtoastopen rux-toast',
              'ruxtoastclosed rux-toast'
              ],
        },
    }}
/>

# Toast

Alerts that confirm user actions, and typically don’t require a response, may be displayed in a toast. Toasts should display within the toast-stack component, in the user’s field-of-view. A toast will overlay ui content, but shouldn't block higher level alerts, such as those in a monitoring icon in the Global Status Bar.

A toast should not contain critical information or require user action.

Toasts should array down in a toast stack, with the most recent toast appearing and slotting in at the top.

> Toasts can be created imperatively via method using the toast-stack component. A toast on its own will need to be added into the appropriate toast stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Toasts can be created imperatively via the `addToast()` method in the toast-stack component. A toast on its own will need to be added into the appropriate toast stack.
```

Author: Fixed!
